0.  A medical condition caused by the inhalation of fine silica dust. Also, the longest word in the English language with 45 characters. 
1.  Getrusage() returns the pointer to a struct containing the usage statistics of the program.
    Information like CPU time, memory usage, blocks in/out and more can be found here. 
2.  It contains 16 data types.
3.  The getrusage function prototype expects a pointer. Using pointers, rather than passing by value is also quicker and more efficient. 
4. After opening and checking that the file has opened, the for loop iterates until the EOF marker is reached.
   C is initialized with the first character from the file, pointed to by fp. 
   Each iteration of the for loop causes C to be assigned the value of the next character in the file. 
   Each character, contained in variable C, is checked to ensure it is a letter or an apostrophe,
   as long as the apostrophe does not appear at the beginning of the word.
   If it is a letter, the character will be inserted into the WORD array at the INDEX position.
   After this happens INDEX is incremented to go to the next position in the array. 
   If the size of INDEX exceeds the maximum permitted size of a word, as defined by LENGTH,
   the program will cycle to the end of the word and start looking for the next word, by resetting index to 0.
   The same thing is done if a number is found, within a word or on its own.
   If the array contains no numbers, starting apostrophes, and is below the maximum length of a word, 
   it must be a word so it is given a null terminator.
   While being timed, the word is checked for misspellings.
   If it is not found in the dictionary, the word is printed out and the total number of misspellings caught is increased by 1.    

5.  fgetc is a more effective tool for examining 1 character at a time, to check that it is a valid letter. Fscanf, by default, ignores whitespace, which we can use with fgetc to identify the end of a word. 

6.  These are pointers to a constant character. These pointers cannot change the values that they are pointing to. This is useful for functions like load and check whose job is not to change the elements in the WORD array, but only to read them. Other pointers, however, can change the value of the chars stored in the WORD array, allowing MAIN to pass a new string to the CHECK function, while taking extra steps to ensure that CHECK does not modify it.

7.  Hash table with linked lists. My hash table size is 1024, and each node in my linked list contains a word less than size 46,
    and a pointer to another node (or to Null to indicate the end of the linked list).
8.  Actually very fast. The problem was not with the speed of my code the first time I got it working; the problem was getting my
    code working :)
9.  None. I actually just needed to get it working, but I was optimizing at each stage of writing the code, so by the time it
    finally compiled correctly, it was very fast.
10. I don't think it is perfectly distributed through my hash table. With further dictionary analysis and dictionary processing, I
    believe I could make it even faster.