0.  0. JPEG and BMP supports 16 million colours, while GIF supports only 256 colors and PNG supports 256 teracolors
1.  GIF
2.  When all original data can be recovered when the file is uncompressed, it is called as lossless compression.
   This is generally the technique of choice for text or spreadsheet files, where losing words or financial data could pose a problem.
   The GIF provides lossless compression.On the other hand, lossy compression reduces a file by permanently eliminating certain information,
   especially redundant information. When the file is uncompressed, only a part of the original information is still there (although the user may not notice it).
   It is generally used for video and sound, where a certain amount of information loss will not be detected by most users.
   The JPEG image file, commonly used for photographs and other complex still images on the Web, is an image that has lossy compression.
3.  JPEG
4.  1. The system modifies the filename's first character to signal that it has
       been deleted and that the directory entry can be recycled.
       (Most OSs simply remove the file's reference from the containing dir.)
    2. The system moves all of the file's FAT clusters to the hard drive's list
       of free clusters.
The file's data is never touched.
5.  Write NULL bytes (or random characters) to every address on the disk.
    There's consensus that "overwriting a disk with a few random passes" is 
    sufficient.
6.  A bunch of typedefs and macros for making integer variables of custom sizes.
7.  We can fill up exactly the amount of space we want in a file which is good for things like bitmap headers.
8.  BYTE = 8 bits = 1 byte
    DWORD= 32 bits = 4 bytes
    LONG = signed 32 bits = 4 bytes
    WORD = 16 bits = 2 bytes
9.  Hex:    0x424d
    ASCII:  BM (bitmap!)
    This value is stored in "bfType".
10. bfSize is the total number of bytes in the file (246 for smiley.bmp).
    biSize is the number of bytes in the info header (40 for a bitmap).

11. For uncompressed RGB bitmaps, if biHeight is positive, the bitmap is a bottom-
    up DIB with the origin at the lower left corner. If biHeight is negative, the
    bitmap is a top-down DIB with the origin at the upper left corner.
12. biBitCount   
13. fopen will return null if it is unable to open the respective file.
14. Because it specifies how many elements you want to read, and we're always reading a struct so we only need 1 struct.
15. The padding would be 3, because 3 pixels * 3 bytes per pixel + 3 padding = 12, which is a multiple of 4.
16. fseek moves the file pointer to the specific location.
17. An integer constant which provides the relative position to the current file position.
18. Verdict.bmp contains the sketch of culprit
